Review,Column2
This product so far has not disappointed. My children love to use it and I like the ability to monitor control what content they see with ease.,1
great for beginner or experienced person. Bought as a gift and she loves it,1
"Inexpensive tablet for him to use and learn on, step up from the NABI. He was thrilled with it, learn how to Skype on it already...",1
"I bought this for my grand daughter when she comes over to visit. I set it up with her as the user, entered her age and name and now Amazon makes sure that she only accesses sites and content that are appropriate to her age. Simple to do and she loves the capabilities. I also bought and installed a 64gig SD card which gives this little tablet plenty of storage. For the price I think this tablet is best one out there. You can spend hundreds of dollars more for additional speed and capacity but when it comes to the basics this tablets does everything that most people will ever need at a fraction of the cost.",1
This amazon fire 8 inch tablet is the perfect size. I purchased it for my husband so that he has a bigger screen than just his phone. He had gotten me one a few years ago so I knew it would be a good purchase.,1
"I gave this as a Christmas gift to my inlaws, husband and uncle. They loved it and how easy they are to use with fantastic features!",1
"Great as a device to read books. I like that it links with my borrowed library e-books. Switched from another popular tablet brand and I am happy with the choice I made. It took some time to get books from my previous non-Kindle reader, but finally figured out a way!",1
I love ordering books and reading them with the reader.,1
"Excellent product. Easy to use, large screen makes watching movies and reading easier.",1
Simply does everything I need. Thank youAnd silk works wonders,1
Got it as a present and love the size of the screen,1
"The kindle is easiest to use, graphics and screen crisp, clear, brilliant colors.",1
Great video quality lots of fun apps fun for the whole family,1
Love love love my kindle fire 8.....this is what my 9 yr old granddaughter said when I bought this for her at Christmas..we have purchased kindled in the past but this one has been the best....love the fact that you can now use a memory card in it...that helps so much when you use it for books...games...music and viedos...thanks,1
"Excellent tablet with nice screen. I wish Amazon would pre install the play store, this would have been perfect.",1
"Preloaded with the reading app from Kindle but expandable with other apps. Perfect for travel. Carry your library, games and productivity apps in a small footprint.",1
"Very happy with this product and easy to use..picture is clear, takes great pictures..",1
"My grandchildren are home schooled and utilize the tables for many learning apps! They LOVE using them as it makes them feel ""so grown up""! The tablets are a great leaning tool and they are receiving many benefits from them!",1
"Great size, easy to carry for traveling. Need to spend more time Looking into apps for contact manegement, interactive calenders and most important, music storage and use.",1
I was surprised when I learned of the capabilities of this device. Now my husband has more access to his desktop and I am doing things which I couldn't on his device.,1
I got it for my son. Its user friendly and durable.,1
"The visual quality on the Fire 8 HD is amazing. It runs very fast and is easy to use, very durable.",1
If your looking for a affordable gift this is it!.,1
"This is a great tablet for the price, would recommend it to anyone looking for a basic tablet.",1
I am still learning all the things I can do with my new Kindle Fire. It is so much better (lighter in weight and easier to use) than my old tablet.,1
Just the right size for reading books and playing some games.,1
I love everything about this tablet! The imaging is sharp and clear. It's fast and light weight. Love it!,1
"My children love this table great quality of pictures, excellent camera",1
I bought 3 tablets and my family was not disappointed.,1
Great tablet fast screen good size never gives me problem,1
This is exactly what the person wanted as a gift and she enjoys using it.,1
It's fast and easy to use. This is my second kindle fire .,1
"For the money you cannot beat this tablet. Full of features, picture quality is great, and very fast speed while using the internet.",1
"Easy to use, solid build, sharp HP screen for movies. Who needs more?",1
Tablet is perfect for beginners who just want basic,1
"this is my first tablet .. love it .. actually read my first e-book on it .. large screen, easy to read & play games .. fits nicely in my purse",1
Sleek packaging easy set up and great for anyone who wants a e reader with more to offer.,1
Best and most affordable option of all the Kindle devices available.,1
"I did not want to get a new kindle but my old one would not charge or show a charge anymore. I could not depend on it for any length of time so I finally broke down and bought a new one. I am very happy with this one. I was afraid I would lose my music and photos since not all came from the Amazon store. However, everything I had on the old kindle transferred to the new one. I am still learning all about it but so far so good.",1
My daughter likes this tablet to play her online games!,1
"Excellent tablet to leave at my easel and display reference photos. It's light enough to velcro to a articulating stand (so I can position the tablet right next to my canvas). It's cheap enough to not worry about. I love it, for the price.",1
I bought this wanting for books comics and movies and it has not disappoint ever since,1
My 4 year old Grandson loves his Kindle. He had to have one after his sister got one.,1
Easy to use. As a beginner I found this pad very good. Enjoy the kindle app.,1
Purchased this for my daughter to do more reading. It has so much more options for her if she wants.,1
"this is a great tablet for the price. my kid loves it ,does alot reading on it.",1
Great tablet for the price. It is easy to navigate.,1
I believe that this will be very useful during my husbands recovery from foot surgery.,1
This is a wonderful device. I love the extra capabilities and apps.,1
I am very happy with this tablet. The worst thing is that my steals it all the time. Lol,1
"A family member has vision problems. They had seen/used the Kindle of another family member - especially the ability to scale text. This device will make it possible to read, which she has had extreme difficulty doing.",1
Easy setup and connect to WIFI. Great viewing area. Easy to read in bright places.,1
I got this fire for my friend who wants to buy kindle..this serves both Kindle and Tab... very nice and very cheap..worth for what i paid.. I highly recommend this for beginners,1
Really enjoyed the price value of this tablet versus ipad,1
Amazing tablet with fast processor. It looks great... got good deal,1
We got this for our 5 year old and this is really great for the price. Works like a charm!!,1
"I find it easy to use, but the kindle does not come with instructions, so you have to find your way around.",1
"I love this tablet. The battery life last a long time. I use my Amazon Kindle Fire predominately for watching movies on Amazon Prime, Netflix's, and checking my emails. I also carry it to my appointments and meetings. It is a compact tablet, and not big and bulky. The playback of the movies are great, and the movies are HD. Great little tablet if you are looking for something to watch movies and checking emails. I would definitely recommend this tablet to friends and family members.",1
"My daughter loves this kindle, she does so much with it,well worth the money.",1
Was looking for a tablet that was highly portable & could run my DIRECTTV app & stream videos. (Other electronics I have are much older versions). Salesman recommended this model to me based on personal experience. I am still learning all its functions but so far it seems easy to use & is doing what it promised to do.,1
"This is my second Fire, the other one is now retired. I like having HD. Works just fine.",1
My wife bought this for me for my birthday. I enjoy reading biographys which usually have color photos. The regular Kindle make the pics black and white or they're aren't any. This allows me to see the color photos. I also love the night feature when I'm in bed reading. I no longer need a light on to read or need to hold a large book.,1
"Thanks to a knowledgeable, low-pressure salesperson, I was ready to buy my first tablet. This one was the right price (on sale) and I have not been disappointed. Every few days I learn more ways to use it besides checking e-mails & checking out library books & audio books. It stays charged for days, even with regular use. I recommend it as an inexpensive and very satisfactory alternative to more expensive tablets.",1
"It's a great tablet for the price. Don't expect it to be as fast more expensive ones. It's meant for casual use and it does a great job at that. For the price, you can't beat it. Get a nice large microsd card and you don't have to worry about space. It runs a little slow on certain things if you are multitasking but it's a simple tablet. I've run plenty of 720p videos without fail. It's great for ebooks or other files. Some more elaborate pdfs take a while to load if they have a lol of graphics. Battery life seems good for a small table too.The only real Issue I have is the Amazon App store being limited. It is an offshoot of Android but not all the same apps are available. There is a way around it but I wish they would just allow it access to Google Play or at least offer the same apps.So, it's a nice inexpensive table that works great. For the money, you will love it but don't get upset that is doesn't run as fast as a $500 tablet. That's not its job.",1
Very easy to use tablet. Lots of apps and game available.,1
"We love the FreeTime settings for kids on the newer Kindle Fires. I was able to create a login for each of our kids as well as myself and set limits to the amount of device time they are allowed daily (can set to more for weekends if desired). You can set the age restrictions for content also, to avoid inappropriate ads, etc. Once you've downloaded apps, you can choose which ones you want each child to have access to in their profile settings, so if one child is older you can allow them access to something their younger siblings shouldn't have. Basically, I like that I can set their access rights and know they're safe so I don't have to continually monitor every moment. By the way, FreeTime kids settings are available without having to subscribe to their FreeTime app access plan. :)",1
"Great tablet, very clear picture. Would buy again.",1
"Purchased as a door prize gift given with a one year Amazon membership. The recipient loves it and says it performs very well. (As a past Amazon Fire user, now i-Pad graduate, I loved my Amazon Fire for more than 4 years without any problems. In fact, I just recycled it on to my son and it runs like a champ).",1
"I have 4 other kinds of tables. This the best I have had. I can listen to music, read a book, listen to a book, or watch movies/tv shows.",1
Great product for the kids gaming apps parental controls to make sure you can monitor kids and prevent unwanted app purchases,1
I purchased 2 of these tablets for my 6 and 8 year old. They were a Black Friday special for $59. They are perfect for the apps and games they wanted.,1
Great product. Love the Amazon ecosystem. The Freetime subscription is a must,1
"Needed something a bit larger than the 6+ to stream Netflix, this was perfect!",1
"my husband bought this for me as a Christmas present. I couldn't understand why he bought it because I already have a Kindle Fire.Once I opened it and got it going, I loved all it could do plus the graphic is so much colorful than my older Kindle.",1
my grandson-8-loves this --the games and the books!,1
"Easy to use, responds quickly, great screen brightness.",1
Works as we thought it should. NO PROBLEMS. Good buying experience.,1
"I am a prime member & I love this tablet. Very user friendly especially if you are a prime member with amazon. Not real tech savvy so I need all the help I can get to keep things simple & automatic. Great clarity of picture/data. Have a 10"" tablet and wasn't sure about downgrading size (old eyes) but was delighted to see it works fine at 8"" instead of 10"". Also, easier to take around in the smaller size. Highly recommend especially if you subscribe to Amazon and are a prime member. Great benefits!!",1
Got this for my wife. She loves the bigger screen and the better app management features that this one has over her earlier generation kindle. Definitely worth it!,1
"Connects to home WiFi automatically. Many books, and many games. Actually functions like a computer tablet. E-mail is a breeze.",1
"Bought this to replace no-name budget tablet for my daughter. She loves this as it is much faster and has a better display than her old tablet. This is a wonderful value as it is faster, has a better display and sound, is a name brand and cost about the same ... what's not to love about this product?",1
"She loves this tablet. It works well unlike her ""bargain"" tablet which she tried to use previously and cost about the same. She likes the sound of it also! She enjoys the free games she downloaded and navigates the wev easily with it.",1
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it. It's speedy when loading books!,1
"Daughter got this as a present. It was easy to set up and display is great. Features allow us to limit her time on games, web, etc. while allowing her unlimited time to read",1
I have enjoyed just learning how to use it. You're never too old to learn new things.,1
bought for husband and he was surprised it does the work he needs it for,1
This was a birthday present and it was ideal for a traveler to read ebooks on while on the rood,1
"My teenage daughter enjoyed her three year old 7"" Kindle for recreation but wanted a larger screen for word processing. Paired this with a Bluetooth keyboard and she was thrilled.",1
The People I purchased this for during Christmas Holiday LOVED IT...,1
"I purchased two of these for my kids, ages 12 and 10. Forget the IPod touch. For the price, this tablet can't be beat! They can download games, books and movies for free all included with my Amazon Prime membership. Awesome!!",1
my kids enjoy the Fire HD and they love the picture quality,1
Really like the updates this product has in comparison to my first one,1
Functionality and ease of use are outstanding right out of the the box. Super clear screen and weight is minimum and is a joy to use.,1
This tablet is great for kids and adults who have little to no knowledge of computers. It handles easily and has plenty of storage,1
My god sister has been using these for years.What to read more!,1
"The latest Amazon 8"" HD tablet is a very good tablet for the price. The updated processor and extra memory (with expansion slot) allow for very good performance on all that we use this tablet for. Netflix, Hulu, browsing the internet, and doing e-mails all work very smoothly. Would recommend to anyone looking for a very cost effective tablet",1
"totally worth the money, has all the apps I use on a daily basis!",1
Good tablet. Wife loves it and would recommend....,1
I use mine mainly for its bigger screen. I do all the same things i do on my phone..but love the big screen. I bought one for eaxh of my nieces too. And they both love theres. Making videos..playing music..reading books. They bith love them! Im happy i got them for all of us. And always reccomend them to my friends for their kids too.,1
"Amazon Fire HD8 is a great product for the price. I picked it up for $69 during the holiday shopping season. Replacing a 1st gen Samsung Tab 2. This thing is sooo much faster. Perfect size for reading Kindle books , emails, and doing the social media thing.",1
"My kids can play, read, watch movies and much more love it!!!",1
I love this Kindle!! I am biased I think however I have had 3 previous ones I prefer Kindles to any other tablet,1
This Tablet was purchased for our Grandmother so she could play games and read books on.,1
"Bought a few of these for Christmas gifts .Everyone is happy !Its a great device for the $$. Low price, and great quality as always from FIRE devices.",1
"Bought this for our year end holiday party raffle prize pool. Great price and people always have a use for an amazon tablet. Came with Kaspersky for free as well, which is a pretty generous complimentary add on.",1
"Has many educational apps I would definitely go into the settings if you're a mother like me who Is a very strict of what your children watch on TV or what games and apps they download I would definitely recommend setting the parental controls before giving it to them. In my personal opinion as a mother I feel it helps by setting the restrictions/content on It helps keep their mind away from the gutter Bcuz most apps and Internet websites have inappropriate sites children should not be watching. We can't control what they put on the Internet but we can control what our children watch and download they stay very occupied on educational apps ,read books most of these apps are free to I also recommend NOT putting a payment method option other than that my kids loved it",1
"Very nice for light internet browsing, keeping on top of email, viewing videos, and reading e books, which I like to get free from the library. Good browser, good battery power, fast charge. Very relaxing to sit in a comfy chair and read or browse. Has given me hours of enjoyment and information for a minimal price.",1
I bought this for my wife to replace her old Kindle and she loves it. Much easier to read than an iPad and updated features make it a great purchase.,1
Great tablet and price. Ordering online easy. Not happy took so long to receive though.,1
"Best tablet, good price, nice looking. Ordering on line was easy.",1
"I got this for my mom for Christmas. Every time I visit, she shows me something else she can do with it. I'm so jealous, I hope I get one.",1
This is my fourth Kindle...upgrading each time. Mine goes everywhere with me and is used throughout the day. Wouldn't be without it.,1
We bought this for our son when he went to college. He is able to upload all of his books and other documents.,1
I purchased it for my mother-in-law and she loves it it was easier for her to use and understand,1
The Amazon Fire is amazing! Picture clarity and sound are excellent! I highly recommend this tablet! Love it!,1
Sharp picture and easy to use. And a fantastic price,1
This a great tablet for everyone. Plenty of memory for downloading. Great features all around.,1
"I own two Nook tablets, another Kindle and a Samsung and this is the best one yet. Excellent battery life. Lets me check emails the Web and with Kindle. books can be switched from reads to listens. Also works better than the Nook with audiobooks.",1
This is a step up from what my son was using. He said it does well and easy to use.,1
I bought this for my 6 year old and it's perfect. Faster & clearer than older versions.,1
Awesome good size large enough for games and photos,1
Great gift easy to use and she loves being able to take it anywhere,1
"I bought this to replace the 7 inch version I lost in the airport. I wanted the bigger screen and the higher resolutions. It is much when loading games in offline mode as well as videos I have downloaded from Amazon Prime to play on the plane when wifi is not available. That was a plus for me. And now that the updated Netflix app allows the same thing, I have plenty of videos. I can also play my .mp4 videos using VLC player that I load to a microSD card. Of course you have wifi and Bluetooth so great for surfing try he net or listening to music. The 8 in screen is perfect for lying in bed and watching my show. I highly recommend this.",1
"Intuitive user interface, rapid online access through well designed features, light weight, ergonomic buttons for volume and power. Overall a thoroughly well designed, excellent priced device for web browsing and social media.",1
"great device for the price. good looking screen, quick and efficient. amazon app store isn't that bad either",1
Great gift for any age. Wish I bought two. I can do everything on this that I was doing on my ipad,1
I got 2 of these for my 8 yr old twins. My 11 yr old has one but this one is better. Perfect way to get them to read,1
This is a superb tablet for the price. It doesn't come with the Android operating system. It has Amazon's operating system. The battery last a good long time and apps run very fast. I would recommend this to anyone who wants a tablet.,1
"My daughter love her new tablet, I use for a few days and it's pretty good",1
So very happy with the new kindle ! I highly recommend this product !,1
It may be cheap but this is a great tablet and works awesome.,1
My wife absolutely loves this tablet. It wad an early Christmas present,1
Bought for my 11 year old son and he absolutely loves it.,1
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my son. Very easy to use.,1
"I am an Amazon Fan. Ive only had Amazon tablets so I cant compare them with any other brand. But, Amazon has great customer service, a lot of great apps. The HD 8 is a great tablet for watching movies, most games, and social media. Its not as good as the Kindle fire hdx. The speakers arent as good, the hdx has more of a surround sound, but the hd 8 is less expensive, has a place for a sims card for extra space, and has an ok front and rear facing camera. Overall its a great tablet for a great price.",1
"I previously had bought an older model of these tablets for my children. I wasn't to happy with them. But this tablet is great, it has child safety features like wether you would like to have them surf the web to even limiting the amount of hours your child can use it. Very good tablet for what my kids will use it for which is mostly Netflix Hulu and even though there isn't you tube app there are alternate apps that acces you tube.",1
"Got this tablet for Black Friday. Wow, 16 gigs, great screen, expandable memory, what a deal. Tablet is a must have for Amazon Prime members. It unlocks the door for all those great Prime perks; books, shows, and shopping. Pairs to Alexa. Great screen for books! Buy it already!",1
I love the size and portability of this. Keeps me in touch and having fun.,1
Nice tablet and couldn't beat the Black Friday price,1
I'm sorry I didn't buy it sooner! Very easy to use. Love it.,1
"It feels a bit more rugged than my original Fire tablet, and I believe it is an excellent value.",1
For a cheaper price this does more than my kindle- love having this tablet,1
Had a smaller version. Love the bigger screen. Use this product more than a computer.,1
I bought 2 of the kindles for my grandsons. They love them! Had them charged and set up right away. No issues at this point.,1
Santa dropped this off for our 4th grader along with expanded memory. he uses it for Netflix and Youtube as well as Minecraft and other Apps. Why spend hundreds on something for basic kids needs? I'm sure this will last him a few years and is well worth the price.,1
Got this tablet for my 3 year old son and he can not put it down. It is so much to do. So many learning games. I love this product,1
This is a good device for entertainment and entry level tasks. I think it can do a lot for the price.,1
Nice price for the new model with Alexa built in and expandable storage!,1
Great gift for my dad. Clear picture and easy set up,1
Love my kindle! Works better than expected! Kindle is much faster than my old tablet!,1
"I have never owned a tablet. Wanted an I-Pad like most, but couldn't afford the sticker price. This one fit my needs perfect. I mainly just use it for web surfing and streaming video. No complaints so far! I would recommend this device.",1
also great for listening to music and also for movies,1
The screen picture is crisp and bright. I will use this tablet for many things.,1
small and powerful... great adult toy for a reader,1
"This was purchased as a Christmas present for my aunt who lives with us. For the price, I thought it would be a good option for her since she doesn't want to drop the cash on an iPad.For comparison, the closest thing I have is an 8"" insignia tablet with similar screen resolution, storage, and features that was released at the same time. The Fire tablet impresses me! It is more responsive than the existing android tablet I have.This tablet runs FireOS which is Amazon's customized version of Android. Typically I do not like custom Android, preferring to have as close to a vanilla system as possible. I am not bothered by that with the Fire. If you need them the parental controls are second to none! The Amazon app store is extensive, although not as extensive as the Google Play store. Still you should be able to find pretty much everything you need there.This is not a flagship device, but performs incredibly for the price. I will most likely be purchasing one soon for myself.",1
"Great tablet for reading and also surfacing the web, along with your favorite social media apps!",1
A Great value for the money you can save instead of a Ipad from Apple.,1
"Great for reading - nice image, easy on the eyes and lightweight.",1
"Bought this for my 10 year old daughter for Christmas! She LOVES it!!! A great alternative to a pricey iPad Mini!!! She uses it for watching Netflix, YouTube and we use it for homeschool. We are very happy with our purchase!!!",1
I got this tablet on sale for my wife and she loves it,1
"We love Kindle Fire, we purchase it for an older couple and it's easy to work.",1
The Amazon Fire is a great tablet with awesome graphics. I use it mainly for surfing the web and have had no issues with it.,1
Great tablet for the price. My granddaughter loves how user friendly it is.,1
got this for my nieces aged 6-13 they loved it and so did their parents really keeps them occupied,1
This was a gift for mom. She enjoys that it's easy to use and has good picture and sound quality. The price was also great,1
The Amazon fire is simply amazing I would not buy anything else.,1
We bought this for our three daughters! Got a kid proof case and added free time for a low monthly fee and couldn't be happier! So much better than worrying about them breaking my phone or iPad!,1
"I love my Kindle. I won't be without one. I've even bought an extra one, just in case. I believe it's the best tablet on the market.",1
"Could not have asked for a better tablet for the money. I wasn't looking for anything extreme. Just wanted it to look nice and do it's job for games and browsing. Well it does that and more. Gave it to our son for Christmas and now I want one myself. We are going to buy another for my mother in law. Lightweight, simple layout. Snappy. Can't go wrong.",1
It was a perfect gift for my godson. He loved it! Definitely would recommend this product.,1
I can do a lot of things on my Kindle I used to rely on the computer for.,1
Excellent resource for children video streaming by Wifi using mobile hotspot with kids.,1
Bought this as a gift for my mom and this was to replace her original Kindle Fire. She's have had a month now and is loving and no problems with it.,1
This was a request from our 7 yr old granddaugter who had always asked her older sister if she could share hers due to we bought this same tablet/size a few yrs earlier. Loved the security/parental control options.Starfall a favorite educational app were told is a must have. Really enjoy Pics/Viber due to their in a different state. Also some games on a time limit. Size and resolution are perfect.,1
"I bought this as a Christmas present for my sister and she LOVES it. It's easy to use, lightweight and doesn't seem to have a lot of bugs or glitches. It's a good source of entertainment for when she's at work but has down-time. She passes the time reading ebooks, browsing the web and playing games.",1
"I originally purchased a Kindle paperwhite but returned it the next day and purchased this one. Very easy to read on, watch movies, and listen to music.",1
Perfect tablet to take anywhere you go and lighter than my IPad.,1
Easy to use tablet for every day use. Additional apps can help increase productivity for work and daily use.,1
This tablet does all I need a tablet to do. Reason why it's my 3rd one.,1
"Bought this tablet for my fiancée daughter, after getting it home and set up, I decided to keep it for myself. Great screen and works great with my pair of Amazon echos. I love it and highly recommend it.",1
"This is my first Amazon e-reader-tablet and the second e-reader I have. It is easy to use once you get through the initial hoops. I like the free games and the fact that I new can load books from my computer to the tablet. And one thing, I am not in the market for a tablet but for a bigger e-reader. It is a lot better than the Nook that I have. I love this product",1
"I have Bought several versions of this tablet for my kids over the years and have been ever impressed with it. I first got one for my son, the my oldest daughter to replace her children's tablet, which was worthless, this tablet gives you everything you could want and allows you to control what your kids access on it and even lets you see what they download onto it. if you want to set a time when it shuts off at night you can, when they can play games or use Netflixs you can...great product!",1
Great gift for a younger person who wants a tablet,1
The fire is great. The size is really nice. Not to big. The clarity is really good.,1
This inexpensive tablet does everything I want it to do. I can read my books and magazines and keeps tabs on my kids and grandkids on Facebook. Very easy to use and crystal clear pictures and video.,1
"Great entry level tablet for kids or anyone that will not be heavily using a tablet. The 16 GB, is too small but can add an SD card. Beware only comes with 6GB of the 16 for your apps. Comes with bunch of preloaded Amazon apps.",1
This tablet is great. I loved the color and all the features it has. I will be buying more for my daughters. Great purchase,1
It's a excellent tablet for my kid she downloaded games and watch cartoons,1
I was looking for a Good tablet under $100..this delivered..getting used to Amazon apps LOL,1
Excellent ratio quality price. Lightweight. Good resolution and easy to use.,1
After long review decided to buy the Fire Tablet as a gift for a great frienday. She loves it! It's the perfect size and has all the features she was looking for in a tablet. Happy Birthday!,1
Love everything about my Kindle. I'm a long-term Amazon Prime member.,1
The Fire is an excellent table for many basic tasks.,1
"I was looking for something to read on and this fit the bill for the right price.Great screen clarity, good adjustment too. Works well and the battery life is great. Size is nice too. Big enough for 1 hand if needed.",1
"This is a great tablet for books, games and web browsing. It is very user friendly, -and I would definitely recommend this product!",1
I enjoy to use the reader and like the idea that I can go to the internet from the Kindle.,1
I thought that this tablet was junk but it has surpassed my expectations,1
"I wasn't really expecting much, however I was pleasantly surprised.It feels solid, responsive, screen is good.For the price its a bargain!!",1
"I like this ipads for my baby and me too,special and super ok thanks byee",1
I found it to be very versatile and enjoyable benefiting from a touch screen.,1
Ipad killer! A fierce tablet at a convinient price!,1
"This tablet is exactly what I was looking for to take on trips. The kids can watch their movies and videos, or I can read from my kindle library. Perfect size.",1
I bought this as a gift for my son and I know he will love it he has the old kindle fire as likes it a lot,1
"My mom had an old one, she was so excited to get this one.",1
Works great and is fast. Great for reading and internet use,1
"I have been using a Kindle Fire for a couple of years. It was a good tablet, until the screen went black. Best Buy replaced it and I couldn't have been more pleased. I enjoy reading on my Kindle Fire HD more than ever. Try it and you'll buy it!",1
"A viable substitute for the more expensive I Pad especially for kids wanting a tablet. You can download books, games, email and access the internet. Parental controls are easily enabled.",1
blueray is just twhat I was I was looking for great for watching movies thank you,1
Love best buy and I shop at Best Buy I always buy my TV for me and my kids I buy my kids tablets at Best Buy Love Best Buy,1
"Got this for my mom for her birthday, and she absolutely loves it. Great tablet for the price point, good tablet overall.",1
I love all of them. I would recommend going to Best Buy and buying a kindle fire before they are sold out!,1
"My 76 year old mom loves this! She now has something to do while waiting in doctors offices - loves to read, do crosswords, etc.",1
"I absolutely love my kindle 8! Great picture, storage & sound. Can't live without my kindle!",1
Love my mine! Works great with prime! And I have all my best movies!,1
Got two for my mom's and they love it. So many great features!!!,1
this tablet is awesome. the fact that I can use a micro sd card to have more memory and can listen to my content on the card is great. the additional screen size is what I wanted and it has not disappointed. this was a great purchase!!!,1
"I'm very happy with my Kindle Fire. Beyond being able to read books, it does all sorts of things and is able to download a huge variety of apps. It also holds a charge very long. The size is perfect and portable, yet the screen is much larger than a smartphone, which I love. I would definitely recommend this tablet to others!",1
The Amazon Fire HD 8 is an awesome device. THE PRICE OF THIS TABLET IS MIND BOGGLING!! This tablet has everything you would expect and want in a tablet and more. It has Amazon Store and Amazon Prime preloaded. It's so much fun and so easy to use. THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS TABLET IS UNBELIEVABLE. You never stop thinking about the modest price you paid for such a fantastic tablet. It feels comfortable in your hands. The design is nice. The size is adequate for all tablet use. You can expand the memory storage of this device an additional 240GB. Can you believe it? Outstanding!!,1
Bought as a Christmas present. Son uses it to watch youtube and Netflick. Works great.,1
Got this Fire tablet for my youngest daughter for Christmas and she loves it. I also love the option to restrict apps and content for her age!,1
I bought two of these Amazon Fire HD tablets in December as Christmas gifts. Both recipients are happy with these as gifts. I plan to purchase one in the near future for myself.,1
"Biting as a gift, my only concern was the size and the Amazon interface. It was easy enough to download the Google play store, so it was familiar to the user. Size was an initial concern, but it was just right to watch movies without being so cumbersome.",1
My son really likes the larger screen to play games.,1
Very easy to use and has so much to offer for the low price.,1
"great product, easy to use, love the lighted pad, ease of down loading books,",1
They were using them on Christmas morning!! It didn't take them long too be getting the best from those tablets,1
i love it amazon is nice read book on it play games on it,1
I bought this Kindle as a gift for my mother so she could access her Facebook account easily. She loves the ease of using it. I have 3 kindle tablets in my home and they are used daily. My mother uses hers for email and some light gaming and for watching Netflix as well. Very satisfied.,1
I wanted a low cost internet device to feed internet radio choices into my stereo. This fit the bill well. I use the headphone jack to connect with my stereo and get great sound. I don't use most of the other apps that come on the device.,1
"The Kindle Fire is a wonderful, small device to use for a multitude of tasks. We use it mostly as an ereader and has been so simple to use. So happy we chose this one. It is lightweight and convenient to take with you.",1
"I bought this as a temporary replacement for my wife's 11"" Kindle Fire HD that was out for service. She liked this 8"" model so much that she continued using it after the 11"" one returned.",1
So easy to download and then read. Enjoy reading that I can take anywhere without the heaviness of a book,1
"I bought this after subscribing to an Amazon Prime membership. This is a great little tablet at such a low price.. too good of a deal to pass up when it was on sale. It has the ability to talk to Alexa, surf the web, listen to music and read books/magazines (lots of free music and books for Prime members).",1
"This is my second Fire, I'm upgrading from the 2nd generation 7"" model. Love the screen resolution. Movies and videos are sharp and no pixelating. The camera is a bonus my first version did not have. All together this was a great buy for under $100 on sale. Thank you Best Buy.",1
"This tablet has it all. Amazon offers tons of free apps, hundreds of thousands of free e-books and tons of free games. The tablet is intuitive and intelligent. I seamlessly enjoy streaming my favorite shows and reading articles, books and periodicals. What I love most is that the tablet doesn't place all apps on the device, but uses the users miro SD card instead for up to 200GB of additional storage for a dizzying amount of storage for more games, apps, books and movies that can be downloaded and enjoyed. It also allows the owner to share the device with family members, delegating each member an account personalized and tailored to that individual. There is even an option to create children's accounts--extra bonus. I am able to mirror the content from the tablet onto my Samsung Smart television. I will definitely consider Amazon first and foremost when making any future tablet purchases. It maintains a charge for a good deal of time, alleviating the need to be near an outlet to enjoy using it. I can charge it in the evening and use it for several hours the next day, sometimes two days. No one will ever create a tablet that is more considerate of the owner/end-user.",1
I love to read and this tablet makes it so easy to carry an entire library with me everywhere. I have also become addicted to the free underground games.,1
"Bought this 8"" model to use in addition to my current 3 year old Kindle Fire HD (7 inch model). So far I am very pleased with the quality of this unit. The slightly larger screen makes watching movies much better. I didn't want the larger 10"" screen (yet).",1
"I purchased this on Black Friday because I could pass on the price. The tablet works great for basic internet needs and great for shopping on Amazon. If I were to purchase another Android Tablet, I will look for something with a little more power since this tablet slows when multi-tasking.",1
"I bought this for my son (he's 1.5 years old) so he could play basic toddler games, but I found the tablet to be extremely useful for school with it's large screen and super long battery life. I'm waiting for the Surface Pro 5 but this tablet that I got for so cheap is making me second guess paying so much! For basic lecture taking notes and watching Netflix or Hulu and kid games, this can't be beat.",1
The best tablet for the price i use it everyday to watch youtube videos,1
Great purchase for my granddaughter for Christmas.,1
This tablet is perfect for just about anything you could want to do on a tablet.,1
"Great item at great price, MY WIFE LOVES IT AND WONT PUT IT DOWN!",1
great black friday deal for a mediocre tablet. android os though!,1
"Wanted a tablet at a cheap price and this item fit the bill. Bought on Black Friday which made the price even better. The screen looks good and the performance for the apps I have used so far have met expectations. I mainly used for surfing the web, youtube, and netflix. This device handles each with ease. Overall, I am satisfied with this device.",1
"Works well; no issues with reboots or system hangs.. Good size - not too big and not too small. Screen is good for reading. Battery life is good, I've bought a few books from Amazon but mostly side-loaded books from the library onto a 32 GB micro sd card.",1
"I got this for my son and he loves it! He can play games, watch movies, you tube videos, and use the internet for help with homework. He also loves all the books, and aps. Was a great black Friday deal should have gotten one for myself.",1
I purchased this product for my youngest son! He loved the color and the size. The storage is great for the number of activities that he has downloaded!,1
Was looking for a tablet to run my remote music server with from my easy chair. My first tablet I bought at about the same price ran through the battery in an hour. Amazon product is much better for battery life and image quality is very nice.,1
This product is easy to use. Screen size is great. Would recommend to anyone.,1
"i Bought this around black friday for $60 hoping it would be awesome... it failed so hard i tried multiple different micro SD cards none of which were recognized and YES i formated them with every format i could think of ... Fat32, NTFS, Fat, Xfat... i even tried to have the tablet do it... didnt work... to make matters worse half the apps i wanted to use werent in the app store and i came to find out that it isnt linked to the normal google play store this tablet has its own app store which is missing many common apps... the main reason i bought this was to play clash of clans and i cant because it wasnt on the app store... i tried to also use aftermarket play stores to play COC but it didnt work... launched and played 1 time but didnt work or update after that... needless to say i returned it and bought a $250 samsung galaxy tab A 10.1 (2016 version) with S-pen and its WAYYYYY better... bottom line you get what you pay for... also hint the s-pen version has an extra 1 GB of ram over the non pen version... so you should get that if you can afford the extra $50...",0
I bought this tablet for my 4 year old daughter. Too many advertisements. I would rather pay more and not have a single ad.,0
Didn't want to go to the sites amazon wanted me to.,0
"This Kindle is so overloaded with apps that I will never use. Despite what one of Best Buys' associates said, you cannot remove any of the Amazon apps. The apps take up too much of the memory. I have an I Pad and love but bought this as a backup for work. Unfortunately, it bogs down. I also don't like that Amazon wants access to too much info to set up email, so I won't use this for emails either. I will likely sell it on Craig's List for less than half of what I paid for it.",0
I liked it at first except the browser is kind of clunky. Also you can. It use all android Apps. The worst thing though was mine just stopped working in the middle of watching a movie on a long plane flight. It was fully charged. I have tried recharging and turning on etc. it is just a blank screen and off. Kind of a cool paperweight. Hope I can get my money back. Or get a new one.,0
"If ads dont bother you, then this may be a decent device. Purchased this for my kid and it was loaded down with so much spam, it kept loading it up making it slow and laggy. Plus the carrasoul loadout makes it hard to navigate for kids, not very kid friendly! Oh you can pay $15 to remove the ads but it wont remove them all. Buy the samsung, better everything!",0
"not good, hate it , never buy it again, sucks. done",0
This is not a bad product. Amazon offers greats products but this tablet was missing features even for a basic tablet. The lack of google chrome compatibility made this tablet not right for me.,0
We bought this earlier on line from another vendor and it was never delivered. Best Buy was great.,0
Freeze frequently... No way to trouble shoot or repair it...,0
"I went with this tablet based on many good customer reviews, but my experience was not a good one. From the start I was on the phone every day for at least an hour with Amazon tech support for one issue or another. Most of the techs were very polite, but not all knew the product very well. At one point I asked one of them about trying to save some RAM and they kept referring me to the storage, which told me they didn't even know the difference between RAM and regular storage. The internet browser was basic and it ran very slow at times, even when all my other wifi devices ran great. Then a day would pass and I'd be trying to type an email and the keyboard would just stop working...wtf??? Come to find out it's a ""known issue"" and ""they're working on it"". After two weeks of one thing after another I got fed up and just returned it. I wanted it to work, and gave it a good run, but just not quality stuff. To me it was like Walmart trying to build their own computer when they're obviously not a computer manufacturer, neither is Amazon. If I were you I'd look at a regular Android tablet from a reputable PC manufacturer, which is exactly what I did next. I got an ASUS tablet for only a few dollars more, and it's unbelievable. 1000% better in comparison to the Amazon Fire HD8. Save yourself the aggravation and go with ASUS or some other company that is specifically in the computer business full time. Sorry Amazon, not this time!",0
This thing lasted not even a month before it went dead. Going to try and take it back,0
"Worked great but after awhile I wouldn't unlock. After I'd enter my pin, the screen would go black. I took it to geek squad (luckily I bought the protection plan!) and told me they don't fix them they just replace them. So I got another one but that one did the exact same thing. Ended up returning that one too.",0
I bought the kindle fire 8 for my husband and I to use. Neither one of us have been able to figure out how to use it. Every time we open it advertisements pop up. And we just try buttons to remove it. We cannot get it to rotate for our puzzles. Just too complicated to use and to navigate around. I will be returning it. We have an iPad and it's much easier.,0
I am bring it back for an exchange. (a different make),0
I brought this tablet during the Black Friday sale fast forward to Christmas when my 6 year opens it he was happy I set it up for him two days later it crashed never came back on. Blank screen. He was disappointed and so was I .,0
horrible...just like the other 7 i have owned ONLY due to warranties,0
Does not let me connect with my library. Very diapointed,0
"I have only had this Amazon Fire Hd8 since December 6, 2016 and it has already quit charging.",0
"If adding more than one child to the account, the screen will not rotate properly for the second, third, or fourth child. Geek squad could not fix this problem, seems to be a manufacturer's issue. Also, there are too many adds. I returned this product.",0
It was on a total of an hour and a half when the screen went completely dark. Would not turn on after that. The battery was fine....It just quit working all together.,0
I bought this on line as a gift. The unit does not stay on and I cannot get in touch with anyone to get the unit repaired,0
"Nothing but problems after a month. Luckily I could take it back and get a credit for the kindle to put towards an ipad. It started off working fine then after a month it started losing internet connection randomly (while the old ipad had no problems). Then it stopped charging, never got past 1%. Tried different outlets, different android chargers. Nothing. Worthless",0
"was cheap, can not run chrome stuff, returned to store.",0
"I bought this to replace a 3-year old Kindle Fire 7"" HDX that I had just dropped on the floor. I sort of panicked, so after doing a couple of hours of research I picked this tablet. Just to be on the safe side I got 16 additional GB of memory. I installed a couple of games (none of them memory hogs) and a cookbook app, in addition to downloading a couple of books and dictionaries. I can honestly say this is the slowest tablet I've ever had. Just rotating the screen takes 7-10 seconds, and that's if there's only one app open. Opening a book or magazine can take half a minute, and God help you if you want to switch between a recipe and a magazine while you're cooking! Amazon is obviously more concerned about showing you constant special offers and apps than having satisfied customers. Since there are no other Fire tablets available for whatever reason (maybe they're being discontinued?) I'll be replacing it with either an iPad or a Galaxy tablet.",0
Prior to using the device I decided to recharge it to 100% and was shocked to find out that it takes 6 hours. Unless you have a lot of time don't buy this device.,0
This is not an upgrade by any means! My three year old kindle outperformed Oasis.Battery life better than a week with the lights on lowest setting Magnetic connector is poorly designed and grows weak Two pieces to keep up with; unsnaps constantly Amazon Customer Services promises it will resolved in an update,0
I bought this because I have ebooks in college. Not only could I not get my ebook. I called the school IT department. They could not either. My semester was already started. The sales representative at the store told me this is what I needed. I ended up buying a tablet from my phone carrier and my ebooks were right there in less than 5 minutes with the schools IT department help.,0
I had to return this product as it was not compatible with things such as Facebook and Itunes... which is what I needed it for. Great if you are into books and streaming movies!,0
"The last 2 models of Kindle HDX 8 have been terrible. We have purchased 2 of each model of Kindle and up until the last 2 models, they have been great. Last years had to be replaced 7 or 8 times and for the same problem. The slot for the SD card is defective. I gave up and bought the newest model. It shuts completely down if you try to plug it in to external speakers and sometimes it shuts down for no reason. It's going back after the first of the year. This is going to be my last year for Kindles unless they make them the same quality as before. Phooey!",0
"Bought this mostly as a backup.and to read a few books, since I have a larger cell phone and a back up. Used it occasionally may 40 or 50 hours of use till this week when I sent my laptop in for repairs. so I probably used it a tot this week. I was watching my 3rd Primetime video this week and it simply turned off. It will not turn on using any power trick such as safe mode. It is gone, It is toast. Bought it October 11, 2016 , It quit on February 9, 2015. My old Fire lasted 4 or 5 years with more use. it had stereo speakers, lasted a week on a charge not 2 or 3 days.Sturdier built. This is full of junk, I am not just offered more apps, it is constantly trying to add them. JUNK JUNK JUNK",0
Dont have option for password ask you before buying apps once you authorized as allow its done.Not as many free good apps Like apple have it,0
Most buyers will have a phone or other charger that will work so you probably don't need to buy this.,0
cheap - need to constantly make sure plugged in - slightly too small - saved some bucks there - not amazon quality,0
"If you actually paid 20 for this adapter, you're out of your mind.",0
"This is the THIRD power charger that I have HAD to buy at cost of over 30 each since my Kindle Fire purchase. Why can't the chargers last a REASONABLE amount of time When I connected this charger, I received a message saying that it was a LOW level charger it probably would not charge while the Kindle was in use. NOT ACCEPTABLE for this cost!!!",0
I wish this came in white to match my Kindle Paperwhite,0
Really expected a chord with it for the price we paid. Very dissapointed.,0
Not compatible with South African plug standards. Bought this unnecessarily.,0
It wasn't what I thought it was the price was too much for what I got Very disappointed,0
"I had to buy it, what else is there to say.",0
5 dollar AC to USB power adapter for 20 buck,0
doesnt do me any good without a cord to go with it,0
Waste of money,0
My adaptor doesn't work. Maybe I'm doing something wrong but there are no instructions. It looks pretty simple. So it just simply doesn't work.,0
I don't know why this wouldn't be included with the kindle. It's like selling an appliance without all the parts,0
Over Priced due to the cost of Kindle at 289.00. Should come with Kindle.,0
this is way over priced,0
Exactly what I expected!,0
Pretty dumb that you have to.buy a charger port,0
"Too expensive. Should be included, at no extra cost, with the Kindle.",0
My old kindle charger works fine - that wasn't clear when I bought a new kindle white. And now you want to charge me 6.95 to send it back. Forget it!! I'll keep the extra charger,0
This is honestly a little expensive. And I can find other ways to charge my devices.,0
A waste of money. You don't need this. Just plug your tablet into your computer and the charge lasts for a month.,0
Do not pay attention to their ad. It says the plug is not included with the kindle and it absolutely is. If they lie about this sort of thing what else do you think the lie about. Steer clear these guys are rip off artist.,0
"Just got home and found the packet is empty, there is no product we ordered in it. What do we do now",0
feel it should have come with paperwhite kindle and that I should not have had to buy it,0
Whats the point of this without the cable to charge!,0
The charger won't stay securely connected to the Paperwhite and wiggles. It will only charge when held at a particular angle.,0
Am used to Kindle Fire which I love. No light to read by in the dark. Hard to navigate. This was a gift - would never purchase on my own.,0
This device is OK for reading or listening to audiobooks via Overdrive app. Wouldn't recommend it though really. Waited to buy Kindle for years. Would suggest doing research before buying this device.,0
Not Kid friendly at all. Purchased for little nephew. Wasn't given any info on it for sales person either. Took back!!!,0
Screen was cracked but the package did arrive earlier than expected,0
Purchased two of these tablets. Both of them had 4-7 dead pixels all over the screen. Read a lot of online reviews which stated same problem. The screen/resolution is pretty bad but what can you expect for $50.,0
I don't like this tablet as Android is not working well,0
I can't get my tablet to set the time so I haven't been able to even use it a little disappointed with this purchase no instructions came with it!!,0
"It wouldn't connect to internet. Tried at home, at a couple of Wi-Fi spots and at the store where I bought it.",0
Bad performance. Slow device. Not worth buying. Better products are available in this range.,0
I bought this for my daughter during the holidays and after four months of use it would no longer would charge. I tried other charges as well and it's definitely the tablet. Now I have to go through the hassle of seeing if I can still replace it under warranty.,0
"I bought this for my 8 yr old niece, she loves it. Also bought a screen shield & a 'kid proof' case. However, neither stopped the screen from cracking the first time she dropped it. At least it was only $50 :/My nephew has an 1st gen iPad Air, w a kid case; he's dropped it many times, the screen is fine. You get what you pay for.",0
This tablet has little cpu power and is really only made to work with the Amazon Prime crowd. Not what I was looking for.,0
"The item was on sale over the Christmas period at a great price. Took it home and when I charged it up, the back of the tablet became very hot to the touch and the battery life reduced dramatically. Left it alone, tried it again, this time no issues. Four days later, it did the same thing when I was charging it up again. Sent it back for a refund.",0
I regretted buying this item.I will never recommend this to anyone,0
"Got this during Christmas rush and didn't think much of it since it was slightly open. (They had none in stock and needed 4 of them for all my children ) upon opening item , one had a small crack (bearly noticeable ). Increased useage of item cause the screen to spider web... tried to return but no help with management .... store at fountains in El Paso Texas . So I have 3 perfect kindles and one cracked .... very disappointed 1 star",0
"I got this tablet for Christmas and only used it for one day. The next day I could not use it, it keep glitching. When I got it, the box was opened and it had an inspect sticker on the box, I guess that is what Best Buy does. I think someone switched it out. I took it back to Best Buy to see if someone could fix it and they said it would be $200 to fix or call Amazon. Why would I pay $200 to fix a tablet that was $40. Amazon is replacing my defected one for free after many attempts to fix it.",0
"can not down load any apps from goggle play, didn't know amazon and goggle don't have agreements to sharge",0
"purchased it tonight, time is wrong, you cannot change time manually because it has to have wifi to update the time.....AND IT WON'T CONNECT TO ANY WIFI THAT NEEDS A PASSCODE OR PASSWORD BECAUSE IT HAS TO HAVE CORRECT TIME!!!!!!! THIS IS 2016 TECHNOLOGY AMAZON? I've had many devices, but none that make you find a WIFI without a password (hard to do because starbucks, hotels, etc. all need you to click to agree to their terms for wifi...) all because the time cannot be changed without wifi!!!Returning it tomorrow!!!!!P.S. ALSO AN ISSUE ON THE AMAZON FORUMS, SO I AM NOT THE ONLY ONE DEALING WITH THIS!",0
"I purchased this for my son thinking it would be a good beginner tablet. I was so wrong. I couldn't even get it set up for him to use it. Before you comment that it may be the user, I have set up every electronic device I have purchased for myself or my children (compters, cell phones, lap tops, game systems) This tablet would not connect to wifi. I even took it across town thinking it could try that but still nothing. Maybe it was defaulty equipment. I sat right beside him and had perfect wifi. My other son sat right beside him had perfect Wifi.",0
This device would be the best possible tablet for the money if it had Google Play. However Amazon chose to block access to it. This took their well made tablet with a beautiful screen and great performance from an amazing value to a waste of money. This is my last amazon branded product.If you use a lot of apps or want specific apps shop for another device.,0
I got 6 of them they didn't have google plus me no like,0
Great tablet for kids but the screen isn't as strong. Charging port is very poorly built,0
Charge the device and was able to set up everything and when I came back to use it it would not work,0
I love using it to read and surf the internet. It is also very handy.,0
"I totally love the Kindle Fire tablets purchased for my grandkids. My sister purchased one in our hometown for my mother. She is equally happy. My granddaughter and grandson spend their wind down time in the evening on the tablets playing their favorite games. In addition, they want a dog and conduct research for the type of dog that the would like. Overall, the tablets are easy to use and provides technology for them when they visit every other weekend. I am pleased.",0
"Unfortunately, the first time I plugged the Tablet in to charge it up, the battery overheated and shorted out the tablet. I returned it to Best Buy for a full refund with no hassles.",0
"it didn't work I had to return it after Christmas and buy something else, made for a wonderful Christmas mourning",0
"Slow, advertisement plagued. Save and spend money on something better.",0
"This tablet disappointed me from the beginning. I loved my previous Fire tablet. However, this new one disappointed me from get go. I do not want it to tell me what I like or want! I do not like ads that pop up, I do not want suggestions for me on books, movies or anything else. I know what I like! I definitely do not want it talking to me! In this day and age, with identity theft prevalent, I would like to be able to have apps without having to turn on features like location, etc.. All in all, I am ready to bust it up and throw it away!",0
"The first time I buy my first tablet it came on but it only showed that it needed to reeboot, it then shut off by its self.",0
Will never buy a amazon tablet for games again it dosent have Google play and the games take forever to download!!!,0
"Very low quality tablet. It lags on games. But what do you expect for $50? However, you can still do most things you'd expect to do with a tablet.",0
i have bought at least 6 people this kindle it is perfect......,0
"After only 4 days, the device would not charge. It was plugged in each evening and on the 4th day, it was at 7% after being plugged in all night. This was our second Amazon Fire Tablet, the first one stopped charging in month 13, right after the manufacturer's warranty expired. Decided to get another one because it was a great deal, but sadly I've learned you don't even get what you pay for with this tablet.",0
Didn't like it. To many pop up ALL THE TIME. Don't recommend at all,0
"Bought this for my nephew. The price is right, however, the tablet is terrible. Spend the money and get an iPad.",0
I do not like the layout. I want to remove stuff from the screen and can't . I don't like some of the lock out features like playing songs for the kids. i do not like all the advertisements. I don't like the screen doesn't go dark when i want it to such as when music is playing. I liked the samsung,0
"From the minute you turn it on there's advertising. The OS is very different from a standard tablet OS - I couldn't get an app that I wanted from the Google Play Store - it just wouldn't work on this. As I said before, I found the amount of advertising just ridiculous.",0
Honestly the worst tablet ever owned. Was very slow and unreliable would switch off,0
"I read reviews before making a decision for my purchase, but ended up returning the device as I was expecting an experience like that of an Android tablet.",0
I don't have wi fi. so I can't use the device. I'm returning it. I wanted something that my father could use as an e reader. I thought I would be able to download books via my computer using the usb cable. You can't do this unless you are registered. You cannot register unless you have wi fi. Amazon needs to fix this. This is a major flaw.,0
Didn't know you had to buy space and many other things for this item to work.,0
"It's very appealing for the price, but know in advance that the warranty is only 90 days... I did not. So when my sons device stopped charging due to a lose charging port a little over 2 months after he got it, I didn't rush to call. I have been taking care of seriously ill family members so I put customer service on the bottom of my list of priorities since I thought I had time,,, especially knowing that these types of calls can sometimes take hours which I didn't have. Today my son was home sick, so I had the day to do the things at the bottom of my list so I called Amazon. 52 minutes later, after doing all their trouble shooting steps THREE times and being disconnected once, she decided to tell me that my warranty was only for 90 days but she would be happy to help me buy one for only $49.99........ Ok. After I calmly explained to he that that was full price and I wasn't about to spend that again on a device that barely made it two months, she put me on hold and 5 minutes later she told me that they would generously give me $10 off my next purchase.Moral of the story, know before you buy & if you still buy, call the minute the thing breaks, even if that means your mom will be an hour late for chemo I guess.Also, during my 45 minute search for who to call about the defect (since it wasn't on the box) I found the Amazon support number on a thread with at least 200 other people talking about their defective charging ports. Keep that in mind.If $50 is something you can spend every 2 months, it might be worth it????",0
"So slow, camera not good, very low quality of picture.. Get Apple iPad mini instead.",0
"I've bought over 10 replacement charging wires, the ones with the micro mail end that inserts into the Fire to charge it. After one or two uses, the wires become loose and fall out. They definitely won't stay put to charge. Does anyone else have this problem? What's the solution? If not for this, I would recommend it.",0
"Worked fine for a month, then refused to take a charge. Returned to best buy, and advised that amazon like to handle their own warranty issues. Stuck with a store credit card. I suppose it will get used, but not impressed with the product at all",0
"Table overall was ok but after 30 days it wouldn't work, and there was no warranty after 30 for Best Buy so I just waste 30 for nothing",0
if you just want something basic cheap and cannot afford something better then it would be fine. But I needed it to do certain things that the other one was to small to handle.,0
"All I can say, as soon as I opened this tablet it never ever turned on, I was so upset as I've followed the troubleshooting steps from other users online and still it never worked, I fully charged the tablet and tried again and still it never turned on. I had a very hard time at the best buy returning this item; had to spend an hour and explained the situation to them; they never believed me this item came to be defective; after storming out and after a while; they have decided to accept the return and gave me credit for it.I would never buy an Amazon product ever again. piece of junk, bad quality product.Thanks,",0
Lol.... the only reason i bought this tablet was so i could load my games from my phone and play them on larger screen but i didnt realize that sonce its an amazon product it wont load google play or support vlash of clans or any other google game a big thumbs down.... i guess im just stuck with a tablet that is useless for me,0
"Ouch. I bought this Fire tablet, and used it for about four hours, and left it on a charger. A couple of hours later, I picked up the tablet, and the screen was showing a weird 'ghosting' effect, and then the screen went completely black.I twisted the chassis and screen a bit and managed to get things working again, just long enough to do a factory reset and return the tablet.I'm sure I had a defective/damaged tablet, but I was underwhelmed with the quality, and it would be nice if Amazon brought back the higher quality HDX tablets, for people who don't mind paying more for quality tablets.",0
We decided to buy the amazon tabs due to the great price on black Friday. We returned them.,0
takes 30 minutes to connect to wifi and none of the apps work on it and i restored it 3 times already. Big and bulky. you will be better to get the more expensive model,0
"I hate it, there isn't any organization for the apps",0
First day after purchasing the tablet the screen turned green. Since then it has given us problems with the screen turning green. I will be returning the item.,0
.. I bought four of these tablets two of them I need to return because as soon as my nephew's turn them on there were problems with screen being almost completely white and black in the corners you can't see anything I've checked the settings it's not the city it's the tablet SMH I am disappointed,0
Tablet was working perfectly. Now the charging port isn't working. Can't charge the tablet. Will be sending back.,0
"Super Slow, Would not download, Returned after a week",0
I guess it's ok...All the apps are in need of updating. Amazon won't or can't update them. There help center did nothing.,0
It's slippery u cannot hold it it always slips and lots of ads definitely not good if u don't like advertising,0
"I picked this up on Black Friday when it was $30. It seemed like the parental controls would make it good for my kids. I'm not sold. While I can sideload the Google Play store, you can't access anything you download from the safety of the child's account. In addition, 8 GB is practically useless.",0
I picked this up on Black Friday and ended up returning it the following week. This may be greater for an e-reader but can't replace a tablet for emails / amazon shopping.,0
"I bought this and the kids version past Christmas. Its lack power and storage to be useful unless you want to just read books. Don't waste money on this product. The kids version is a good ideal but loading the apps, when they work takes forever. When they do work, the kids enjoy them. So I consider it to be a hit and miss. I'll be canceling the subscription as soon as my free year is up. Not wasting money on it.",0
Great easy to use great pictures great price. Awesome,0
Didn't work more that 4 months. Don't waste your money.,0
"I purchased this item on sale as an alternative tab to android RC tablet. Fire tab is extremely slow, my son had been using RC tablet without any problem, but this one is slow, takes forever the web page to load, apps are also slow. Absolutely waste of money.",0
I will never buy this again very cheap not with a dime,0
This is my 3rd kindle and my last-i'm moving on to something better!For me -following all packaging insert guidelines-they only lasted a year at the most.,0
"Died after 120 days....30 days out of warranty. Some no name brand lasted us 3 years before this one. Figured we would get a ""name brand"" thinking that it will last longer. I won't be purchasing Kindle/Amazon products anymore.",0
"I got mine for a month, and I mainly use it to read PDF documents from SD card or OneDrive. The tablet is nothing like the reviews said. It FREEZES up every time I press ""Home"" or go to the next page or even to close out. When I go on the internet, some pages do not load fully. 9/10 times only the 1st half of the page was loaded. I am very disappointed.",0
"can't connect to any router, hot spot. Returned and so did the sales clerk with theirs. enough said...",0
"I bought this tablet because it seemed worth it for the price. However, it only lasted 6 months before the battery died and was not chargeable, regardless of troubLeshooting and what cord or outlet I used.Best Buy said they couldn't do anything but said Amazon could help me since it should be under warranty. I escalated multiple times with Amazon and they refused to help me each time. So save your $49.99 and put it towards a good product.",0
its need amazon account for download any apps ............... ita really pain for me . i dont like it,0
Very slow to connect to internet even with a good connection and wifi set up that worked for other electronics.,0
This tablet was plugged in all night and did not charge.No powerWhite elephant,0
"Had to replace my sons lenovo android tablet and at the same time renew the warranty. Had a few options of brands to choose for the replacement. Lots of family suggested the Amazon even the best buy staff said it was the better choice not to mention the cheapest of the four brands to pick from. Well set up was a disaster. I wasn't aware that this tablet let's you put up to four names under one Amazon account, until after the initial account member name was completed. So now my 7 yr old has an Amazon account. Also didnt lime that i had to put in credit info for set up. And then had to go into settings to put a parental block on in-app purchases. Too many ad pop ups and thats just while it is turning on. In not happy with this tablet . It automatically backs up photos and stuff to an iCloud. I don't know what that is , how to access it, nor is there an icon on the screen for it. Also lots of unnecessary pages and icons all over the screen that can't be changed. My other sons tablet is in need of replacement and warranty renewal. I will not be replacing his with this product.",0
I have yet to use it as I do not know how. I need help!,0
"I purchased this tablet on a discounted price as an alternative for RC tablet. The operating system is not good, very slow response, apps takes a lot of time to open. Many of the apps like youtube is not made for fire OS, so my little one has a difficult time handling it. After 2 months, I got him RC tablet.",0
My son had the original kindle fire. It was great! Simple to use. It finally bit the dust. I bought a new one. They made it way to complicated. It is going back. The power button won't turn off. The notification box won't stay off the screen & the apps wont run. They just keep loading.,0
When I first got it was great until it stopped charging and wouldn't turn back on,0
I bought 2 of these on Black Friday and these have to be one of the worst buys of my life!!!! The screen saver can't be changed so my kids are forced to look at ads every time they want to use their tablet. Apps are ok and to be honest I could have dealt with the ads but the final deal breaker for me is the sd card. I bought my kids sd cards so they can have more than 4 games and the tablet doesn't read it or something. It says sd card inserted but it won't download apps to the sd card!,0
I honestly didn't care for it. The newest versions of this tablet are by far much better. You have a bit more freedom with it than you do the older version.,0
This product is real bad from amazon. Although i dont expect much from a cheap tablet however this was even below my expectations. Its way slow to respond to anything or everything. My 3 year old goes after my ipad when i give him this....wont recommend to anyone.,0
I bought this to use with a particular app but wasn't able to install them so I returned the tablets.,0
I bought this tablet on black Friday and went home to test it out and it was very slow and not worth the money,0
"My grand kid didn't like device, get frustrated to navigate education video. Not worth it!",0
It was ancient technology and did not keep up with the internet.,0
I returned the item was not what I expected very disappointed white the table,0
Love the ease of using them for our grandsons and they enjoyed them for Christmas,0
Ordered dec 9th and got my order AFTER CHRISTMAS and it was supposed to be delivered on dec 17th,0
"I was expecting a tablet good enough for the kids to play and download games, and I was told at BB that this product would work for these basic needs. It seems like everything I download needs to be through my Amazon account, very few items are for free, and everything takes forever to download and/or open. Wish I could return it!",0
"Onsale is 39.99 is cheap , good for new stars tablet",0
A lot of apps are incomplete. Doesn't run apps that great and has a lot of apps that are generic.,0
Didn't realize until after we bought it that there was no google play.,0
This makes my phone way to big can't fit in pockets,0
"I purchase a fire after my nook died. I had problems with the first one saying I was connected to the web , but not being able to connect. Took it back and the geek squad looked at it and after trouble shooting for a while, they decided there was something wrong with it, so I exchanged it for another one. We set it up and it worked initially, then I went home and the same thing happened as with tg first one. So I took it back and got my full refund . While not happy with product, best buy customer service made me happy.",0
Except unlike the Millennium Falcon this doesn't have it where it counts. Software is a mess. I didn't expect much from a $50 tablet but man was it painful to use.,0
"fully understand this is a budget tablet, but the memory size and quality of screen are not to par",0
This thing is ok as long as you don't expect it to be or have stuff(Apps&Games) like Samsung or Apple cause it doesn't. It has its own line of ****,0
No longer takes charge from manufacture charger or any other type of charger. Product did not last very long since had 7 months.,0
"Bought this for our daughter to use, but nothing worked right and was difficult to use. It's a fairly cheap $$ product, and it shows. Ended up returning it and buying a Samsung the next day.",0
"I bought this tablet for my mother 12/7/15 as a Christmas gift, which I gave to her on the day 12/25. Just this week 1/8 she called to tell me that the tablet was not working right. I went to see her and check it out. Sure enough it wasn't functioning properly. I'm hoping that when I take it in, it will be replaced without a problem. I know sometimes items are just defective. That's why I would recommend this item. I've had my Kindle Fire for 3 years now with never a problem.",0
"Bought 2, 1 did not work out of the box. Too slow, too much trouble to setup and requires amazon account to use. Returned both items",0
"Absolute junk, don't waste your money. Bought for wife for a Christmas gift. Would not connect to Wi-Fi at my house. Useless!",0
I bought this during Black Friday sales the price was very attractive but I didn't find it that attractive as YouTube stream was streaming slow it was taking 10-15 min to stream a single song.,0
Sold it on Craigslist the day I bought itWhat does that tell you.,0
Need Amazon account and bank account to use tablet. Bank card should be verified. Cheap product with terrible graphic. I returned that next day. Totally waste of money.,0
I bought this tablet because of the price and the specs seemed fine but it is slow it freezes and crashes I dont think it was a good buy,0
You get wath you paid not comparable to a apple tablet never,0
"Bought this for my Mom as a gift and was really disappointed. This device DOES NOT RUN FULL ANDROID. You cannot get third party apps even though they sell it as tablet. This device is only good if you only use Amazon (shopping, books, games), otherwise you can't download anything - not even a weather app. Not worth my money to be so limited - Returned the device and got the Lenovo Tab 2 A7 and we are MUCH happier with it!",0
"I purchased this tablet for my daughter and within 5 days after purchasing it, the screen went completely blank. It wasn't dropped and didn't get wet. It is also very limited to apps you can download on it. Many apps wouldn't work after being installed. I would NOT recommend buying this tablet.",0
I was setting up 2 of the same tablet and this one wouldn't connect to the wifi. When I brought it back for an exchange there were none in store and they didn't even have them on their website! Ended up getting a refund and purchasing the same model from Amazon,0
Its ok tablet but you dont have access to all the same apps that are in google play store. Also to really enjoy the tablet you should be memebr of amazon prime which I am not.,0
"This thing is a disaster. Unless you are a child or have never used a tablet in your life, you are in for disappointment. They've blocked the Google store, so good luck downloading most of the games you like. Youtube? owned by Google, so again, can't download the app. You CAN get there with the web browser, but why should you have to? I tried to download 3 games-- NONE of which would even load. In short, I owned it less than 16 hours. Waste of my time. Save your money and buy a Samsung Galaxy Tablet.",0
"We purchased the tablet on December 4th, 2015 and by January 8th, 2016 the tablet shut off completely and does not work an will not turn on. This was a waste of money.",0
"Ok for kids to mess around with, but not very good quality",0
The kindle continues to freeze up when watching a movie. It will also freeze randomly.,0
I thought this would be a good idea to buy my children. After I spoke with an associate at best buy and explained that I wanted this my my small children so they could play on YouTube he told me that it would work food for that. Well that was not the case I cannot ever get on you tube and my kids have not even used it after they initially tried.,0
"I ordered two of these tablets, one for 4 yr old, and another for mom. It is not user friendly, difficult to use and full of advertisements even when not online. Comes with games that kids enjoy, but very limited on other application options. Book ordering requires monthly subscriptions. We have purchased another product for mom, and the 4 yr old quickly got bored with the limited options, and I got frustrated trying to navigate.",0
Did not work right out of the box; bad hard drive. Read other reviews that stated the same issue. Would not recommend to anyone. Save your money.,0
"I returned and got the 8"" since this turned this product and would not turn on. I got another since it was a gift.",0
Pretty tangerine color. First tablet had bad earphone jack; Second product would not connect to wifi no matter where we tried. All of our other tablets work fine.We will order another Amazon fire tablet.,0
You cannot download any other internet service you're subject to very limited options to do things on it wish I could not have bought it,0
"I understand you get what you pay for but come on Amazon. You make millions a day and you allow this product to be on your lineup. The only thing this tablet is good for is collecting dust. In my opinion, if any company is going to integrate the AndroidOS at least make it user friendly and 100% open. It's basically like purchasing half of a device or a demo device.",0
Tablet was ok when it worked. Seemed to always have to reset our Wi-Fi at home for this one item. Everything else worked fine.,0
"I've had amazon tablets in the past and this is the far worst I've bought. It was slow, drained the battery, kicking me out of the apps all the time.",0
It started cutting off and on by itself!!! Its like it had a mind of its own!!!,0
"NO connection to WIFI, Nook Color, HD+ work on it.",0
Most apps you have to pay for basic apps like YouTube will not download without inputting credit card information what tablet for child not plausible to put in credit card information,0
It was so slow and problematic i couldnt even get in to the store. Switched to a Samsung and we love it!,0
"I bought this as a birthday gift a few weeks before the party. When it was removed from package and turned on, the image was cracked like the screen was broken, but screen was not broken. Best Buy washed their hands of it and said to call Amazon. I did and had to go through over a week's worth of calling them to get it replaced. Best Buy lost me as a customer over this. If you buy this from them, make them open it before you pay to verify it works.",0
Bought for my grandson he doesn't like it it's to slow..,0
"When you buy an Amazon product from Best buy they will not take responsibility after two weeks and said to speak to Amazon directly,But you cannot return any Amazon products bought from Best buy to Amazon, Do not buy Amazon products from Best buy but ever again as you are doomed with it",0
"I purchased one as a Christmas gift. from Best Buy on line...it worked fine the first month,did not use it for a few weeks. I went to turn it on..did not get nothing .The lefthand bottom corner says ""FASTBOOTH mode"" It is locked on this and I get nothing else.Did not buy any product protection so I guess it is a complete loss.",0
The kindle fire I purchased does not work. It does not start or charge.,0
Can not print from this device...Using the touch screen is very difficult.,0
"I picked up this tablet thinking it would be a great buy. I have a few family members that own the previous model of the kindle fire and highly approve of them. The new product I got was very disappointing, The display had a dead pixel on it when I turned it on. The product is very slow and the cameras leave a lot to be desired. I took it back and exchanged for an IPad Mini 4 and am very happy with it.",0
Luckily best buy exchanged the kindle fire for a Lenovo tablet with courtesy and ease. Thank you best buy! It was a black Friday purchase that I did nothing with until late January/ early February. Great way to do business and therefore keep it.,0
SPECIAL OFFERS means there are popup ads when you turn on the Kindle for games and books. I called amazon and they want me to pay $15.99 to turn this off! I am returning this and buying another brand of tablet. I am DONE with amazon they will never get a dime from me!,0
U thought it was going to be like an iPad or Samsung but it's all Amazon mode and you can't turn off the lock screen ads!!!! I get tired of seeing them...,0
"Bought these for my kids for the holidays. No you tube app installed, so you have to find a 3rd party substitute. Ads pop up all the time, with an option to remove them for $15. Amazon states that since I purchased the tablet on sale for $15, this is how they can afford to compensate for that revenue. I would have returned them had we been able to find the receipt.Maybe a good product, but not for us.",0
I bought the Fire for my 8 year old for school after a suggestion from the sales rep in store. Went to set it up and it required a credit card number be entered. Couldn't even download free kids apps. Why would I want my child able to accidently buy something? I refused and thus not able to download anything. We will be returning it. Product appears best for an adult who likes to read books on tablet.,0
Had nothing but prblems wasnt satisfied at all and will never buy agian,0
Works great for my 6 year old grandson! he loves it.,0
"I dont like ads, amazon needs to find a better way to advertise.",0
"4out of the 6kindles I purchased does not work. the date and time will not set properly therfore it is unable to connect to the wifi. contacted amazon, they acknowledged the problem but directed me back to best buy since they have a 30day back return policy on this product. Well I am unable to make it back into the store by the time the return policy is up.",0
the amazon fire sucks the pictures and camera sucks and blurry as can be,0
I was not satisfied with my purchase but for the price I guess it's ok,0
Gave as a Christmas gift. Recently learned that it stopped working within two weeks.,0
"The tablet would never turn on, even after charging",0
"Every time I open my amazon Fire, games pop up. It is very annoying. I have no interest in games. I do not play them. I did not purchase the item for games. I purchased my Fire for reading books, but it is very difficult to get to books. I go through a number of minutes and still do not accomplish the task that I want to do. I would like to know how to take off the games so I can do what I want to do.",0
Right out of the box it didn't work. We took it back and the Geek Squad couldn't get it to work either. Great disappointment for my 9 year old boy since it was a Christmas gift.,0
Very slow ...I guess it's worth the 40 bucks.. great product for a child..,0
"I bought this for my 3 year old, so she would have another option for watching her shows besides my iPad. Needless to say, she was too frustrated with the slowness to load the Netflix app, and it would only get internet if you were in the same room as the modem. You really do get what you pay for. If you buy this, don't count on getting online very seamlessly. The Internet browser is really slow to use, but you can get around this by downloading Google Play store to access the Firefox app, which is not offered on the Amazon App Store. Check YouTube for instructions..",0
It was just the worst software I've ever seen you could barely play or do anything,0
Bought it on thanksgiving night just opened pkg and the screen is crushed. Haven't been able to take it back but was told when I called in that they might not have any in stock.,0
"This 7"" 2015 version should have been marketed to children only. It's like a very ""dumbed"" down, cheap version of the better FireHD and HDX. Screen is not as good, battery life is bad, no mirroring to TV and it's slooowww as can be. If you've never owned another kind of Kindle you will probably be accepting of this watered down version. For those that know what a real kindle should be like, you may want to pass on this one. Another version should be along soon and since they can't get much worse than this one you'll probably get a better one. I got mine on Black Friday for a little over $30. total with shopping discounts and I'm still sending it back! That's how disappointed I am with it.",0
Was not a fan of this product Browsers are extremely slow,0
"We bought this Kindle Fire for our autistic grandson. He seemed to fight with it trying to connect to the internet. After 3 adults tried and tried to connect it to the internet, it finally connected. Every time he comes to our house, we have to fight again to get it connected. We decided this was not the unit for him or any other kid. So, its back to the mini I-Pad.",0
"Could not download my books at home. Three visits to Best Buy, returned it.",0
Nice Amazon Fire tablet But...the camera is not clear enough 2.0 megapixels and Amazon Fire is very slow wedsite and app it takes very forever download I think I have to returned on best buy and buy a good tablet 10.1 Lenovo and Samsung Galaxy...I will gave a Zero Rating Star,0
"I purchased this amazon fire. Because, Reviews are good. But, I realized they left reviews before they receive it.I found couple of issues not to buy this tablet.1. It is impossible to use google account.Even You can log in gmail account.2. Bad for web surfing. There are so many limits for web surfing.3.This issue is only for Koreans. It is impossible to type & see Korean language.Do not buy this tablet if you are Korean.I do not know why this tablet does not support Korean. Even supports other Asian countries languages as like Chinese, Japanese. Etc....",0
The kids were loving these as Christmas gifts but here we are 6 months later and the battery charging port barely even works. We have to hold the charging cable at a certain angle for it to even charge. I wasn't expecting a super long life out of these tablets at $39.99 a pop but should've lasted longer than 5-6 months. Very upset with 4 sad kiddos.,0
The protector was not made for the Fire 7 as it was to large and had no directions that were coherent. Worse purchase from Best Buy ever.,0
"Difficult to purchase. No stock in 6 stores, no order online or ship to store available. When it did become available it did not work. Once it turned on, I couldn't get any further. I could not log onto wifi network, though other items in my household work. Also the product wouldnt move past setting up the clock. Tried 3 days, gave up and returned the item.",0
My first tablet was a Kindle. I was curious about the updated version. Very disappointed,0
Gave it to my granddaughter and she loves it..I want to buy one for myself....,0
I bought a Kindle Fire 16GB for my 6 year old son in June. After 4 months the charging port came loose and the device will not charge. Best Buy is aware of the issue and will do nothing about it. Amazon will not warranty their product for more than 90 days and they said the charging ports often break if children are using them! They have no options to fix the device and only offer a small discount if I buy a new one. Amazon does not stand behind this product. They are aware of the defect and continue to sell these.,0
"I bought this product 4 months back. It is very slow, i can't open any app in 15 seconds. OS is different than others so we can't get normal apps easily. Only one thing i can say is slow slow slow performance. I don't know how to replace it. Need some help from best buy people.I don't know whether i got defective piece or this is the actual performance",0
This is not like other android tablets in a bad way.,0
Too bad Amazon turned this tablet into a big advertising tool. Many apps dont work and the camera is not good.,0
Worst product ever. Constantly screwing up and filled with ads you have to pay to remove. Best Buy refused to help when I wanted to return it,0
"Purchased for my Father In Law - this was the most frustrating experience. Not user friendly - not friendly at all. Stick with a name brand tablet - Apple, Samsung, etc.. Avoid this device at all costs.",0
"We purchased this tablet for our 5 y ear old since all the other kid-friendly tablets were limited it what they had on them. Something should be changed regarding the port for the charger. The little area with the small bar in it keeps bending to the point, 5 months later it broke off and of course the warranty has ended. I am over tablets. If you can buy it on black Friday for 25.00 bucks or less, it should be that price all year long. So now he has no tablet because I am not sending it out to have someone else's sent back to me..re-furbished. I am very disappointed.",0
"I don't recommend buying this. After 1 month of buying this, it won't charge or turn on.",0
"Too proprietary, the apps my daughter liked I could not install on it for her so basically it was worthless for me and I returned it.",0
Very cheap and was not impressed at all never again,0
Returned it. it was a poor reader and clearly would not last..,0
"I bought 2 of the Amazon Fire tablets because the sales guy said that they were great and ran really fast. I have very fast internet and this thing just barely chugs along. If you play a game, it constantly stalls and freezes. The sound quality when I play music is terrible. I was planning on buying one for each of my 9 nieces and nephews if they ran well but now I know that wouldn't work for them because they are horrible.",0
"I do not like this Tablet one bit. It has to be registered with Amazon for it to function and it failed every time. I finally had to resort to calling Amazon's customer service, also not an easy task, to get it registered. There seems to be glitch in the programming, because when it failed again, I had to follow the same steps all over again to get it registered. I would highly recommend skipping this tablet and getting one that is not tied to any one company's operations, programming, or software.",0
I I thought the buy For my child bc the kids mode but it was very poor,0
"The reviews on this on Amazon seemed awesome. Little did I know that there is a chronic problem with the port on these tablets. We just bought this for Christmas and went to charge it for the first time. Nothing. We already loaded (and paid for) several apps, and now we're out that money. Also the charging cord that came with it appears it has been used before - there's some wear at the edge of it. So I went online to see if I could find this issue and there it is - everywhere. This is a problem that has been around for years, but Android - who is the ultimate culprit, has failed to fix it at the source. When you plug in the charger, there's no 'click' so you know it's in place. It just slides in and out. We've had Apple products for several years and never had an issue, then the first Droid product we purchase can't even be charged from the beginning. This will be going back to BestBuy - and will buy another iPad Mini - costs more, but is much much more reliable.",0
It takes forever to download apps. I'm returning it will be getting something else.,0
Not able to play youtube that's what my daughter likes.,0
This is just a regular fire tablet that has protective case.,0
"The touch and loading the content is very bad, it doesn't respond quickly and it very slow",0
So slow returning mine for something different any suggestions,0
"Everything is locked out to Amazon, no compatibility with the Google Play Store and a lot of games the children play are on the Play Store. This product is bad because it is locked into only Amazon services.",0
Bought this for my daughter(3) and she can't even use it because it is NOT kid friendly. It is so incredibly slow!! It freezes often and does not seem to work without wifi like it is supposed to. Also was supposed to come with a year free of Amazon free time and we have been charged for it every month !( it requires you to put a card number in before initial use. ) Keep calling Amazon and the foreign people can't seem to figure out the problem. Don't buy!,0
"Cumbersome, complicated and not kid friendly..... went with Apple, suggesting you do too.",0
"I purchased 2 of these as Christmas gifts for our niece and nephew. We decided to unbox them and charge them up to be ready for Christmas day. After opening them, discovered they will not allow you to install any free apps or use them for much unless registered with an Amazon account and credit or gift card. I had absolutely no interest in giving a 4 and 7 year old access to one click shopping on my account so we returned these for android type kids tablets. There may be some way around this restriction, but I didn't find it.",0
